What's wrong? You're a grown up, aren't you?
You're a grown up, aren't you?
You've come. Is this your head?
Hey, don't touch my head.
Can I have a little?
It hurts.
What's the point of getting a massage?
Did it hurt?
It's not a dream.
What's wrong?
Is there someone who can test it with the head of a man?
Actually, this is a dream.
A man from the United States has put 8 million yen in it.
8 million yen?
Hey, Tatcha, you shouldn't be growing.
It can't be helped.
He's here.
So what?
Did you bring the money here?
Actually, I think there are various things to be done.
I'm sorry.
I brought this for 10,000 yen.
The gold is 50,000 yen and the 100 yen bill is 50,000 yen.
This is the case.
What?
This is 50,000 yen for 100 yen bills.
The gold is 50,000 yen.
I'm sorry, Tatcha, but can you lend me your head again?
No, don't test it with someone's head.
I've become very rich.
I'm afraid, but I'm going to give you various directions.
I'm afraid, but I have a lot of money and money.
I'd like you to come to America with me.
To America?
I don't have clothes, so I can't.
No, I'll manage.
Then Tatcha, I'm going to America, so tell me about the car.
50 cents is no good.
I'm going to the Three Islands.
You can't be kidding.
You're going to the United States to the Three Islands?
I'll take one yen anyway.
Is that so?
Then are you coming back?
Will you come back later?
It's a big deal.
Don't worry about the stick.
I have money.
I'll give you anything delicious.
I can't wear such a ragged kimono.
I'll buy you clothes, armor, iron and armor.
Is there anything you want to buy?
Dad, I want to eat a big bun.
A big bun?
Bring me 100 yen bills and buy it.
If it's heavy, buy it for a little less than 100 yen.
Tatcha, do you need it?
Give me two or three.
Is that so?
Then give me one, too.
Ichibe, what are you going to do?
I'm going to brush my teeth.
Don't do anything useless.
I won't throw away my nose-tie.
I'll use it after washing it.
It's probably not useful.
I'm sorry.
Is this Ichibe Kitamura?
Actually, he's a communications officer.
I heard that your income was raised from the lumpen to the stock market.
It's a little higher.
I want to hear your impressions when it's more than the lumpen.
If you get rich, many people will ask you.
Dad, you're sleeping.
I'll sleep, so come here.
Dad, you can't sleep.
I'll sleep.
You can't sleep.
If you sleep, this will become a dream.